BigAnimal: Configuring PgBouncer with BigAnimal cluster topic (#2987)
EnterpriseDB/docs: product_docs/docs/biganimal/release/using_cluster/02_connecting_your_cluster/pgbouncer_configuring.mdx

To install EDB PgBouncer, see [Installing EDB PgBouncer](/pgbouncer/latest/01_installation/).

Navigate to your BigAnimal cluster connection information: 

1. Open BigAnimal. 

1. Go to **Clusters > Connect**. 

1. Under **Connection Info**, find your cluster connection information. The following table is an example of connection information: 

   | Information field | Value |
   |-------------------|-------|
   | Service URI | postgres://p-zdj5rioiy1.brcxzr08qr7rbei1.enterprisedb.network:5432/edb_admin?sslmode=require |
   | Dbname | edb_admin |
   | Host | p-zdj5rioiy1.brcxzr08qr7rbei1.enterprisedb.network |
   | Port | 5432 |
   | User | edb_admin |

Configure EDB PgBouncer according to the connection information:

1. Update the PgBouncer configuration file `/etc/pgbouncer/pgbouncer.ini`:

   ```ini
   [databases]
   [database name] = host=<Host>
   port=<Port> 
   user=<User> 
   dbname=<Dbname>
   [pgbouncer]
   # Enter * to listen on all addresses:
   listen_addr=*
   # Enter the port to listen on:
   listen_port=
   # Enter your setting for authenticating users:
   auth_type=
   # Enter the file that contains the list of usernames and passwords:
   auth_file= 
   ```

> For more information, see the [PgBouncer configuration file page](https://www.pgbouncer.org/config.html). 

Reviewer: We should probably link to our topic, which in turn links to the community topic: https://www.enterprisedb.com/docs/pgbouncer/latest/02_configuration_and_usage/

1. Add your cluster username and password to the `auth_file`:

   ```text
   "<User>" "<Password>"
   ```

   The default username is in the **User** field in BigAnimal. The password is the same you set when configuring the cluster.

## Connect to the BigAnimal cluster

> For the next steps, you need PostgreSQL or another database driver. To install PostgreSQL, see [Downloads](https://www.postgresql.org/download/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the next steps, you need `psql` or another database driver client installed.  See [Connecting to your cluster](../02_connecting_your_cluster/) for more information. 
```

   | Service URI | postgres://p-zdj5rioiy1.brcxzr08qr7rbei1.enterprisedb.network:5432/edb_admin?sslmode=require |
   | Dbname | edb_admin |
   | Host | p-zdj5rioiy1.brcxzr08qr7rbei1.enterprisedb.network |
   | Port | 5432 |
   | User | edb_admin |

Configure EDB PgBouncer according to the connection information:

1. Update the PgBouncer configuration file `/etc/pgbouncer/pgbouncer.ini`:

   ```ini
   [databases]
   [database name] = host=<Host>
   port=<Port> 
   user=<User> 
   dbname=<Dbname>
   [pgbouncer]
   # Enter * to listen on all addresses:
   listen_addr=*
   # Enter the port to listen on:
   listen_port=
   # Enter your setting for authenticating users:
   auth_type=
   # Enter the file that contains the list of usernames and passwords:
   auth_file= 
   ```

1. Add your cluster username and password to the `auth_file`, located in /etc/pgbouncer/ by default. For example:

```text
   "user1" "password1"
```

The default username is in the **User** field in BigAnimal. The password is the same you set when configuring the cluster.

For more information, see [Configuring EDB PgBouncer](/pgbouncer/latest/02_configuration_and_usage/). 

## Connect to the BigAnimal cluster

> For the next steps, you need `psql` or another database driver installed. See [Connecting to your cluster](../02_connecting_your_cluster/) for more information. 

Reviewer 2: Nit: prefer "client" to "driver" here
